[Merged by Bors] - Add z-index support with a predictable UI stack (#5877)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

[Transparency UI](../examples/ui/transparency_ui.rs) | Demonstrates transparency for UI
[UI](../examples/ui/ui.rs) | Illustrates various features of Bevy UI
[UI Scaling](../examples/ui/scaling.rs) | Illustrates how to scale the UI

> [UI Z-Index](../examples/ui/z_index.rs) | Demonstrates z-index for UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[UI Z-Index](../examples/ui/z_index.rs) | Demonstrates how to control the relative depth (z-position) of UI elements
```

Reviewer: When writing explanations, don't try to explain concepts in terms of themselves :)
